CLOUDP-121001: Update login help (#1197)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/mongocli/command/mongocli-auth-login.txt

.. code-block::

>    To start the interactive login with the MongoDB Atlas account:

Reviewer: what about cloud manager?

Author: Thanks! Updated

>    To start the interactive login for your MongoDB Cloud Manager account:

Reviewer: can you share why are we so keen on keeping Atlas out of this doc? right now this makes the docs incomplete and prone to confuse users

Author: do you mean we should keep this until we deprecate `mongocli atlas` commands? I'm ok with keeping atlas if that is the issue.

Reviewer: `mongocli atlas` are already deprecated but they are still documented, since they are documented we need to keep this documentation correct until the commands are removed

>    To start the interactive login with the MongoDB Ops Manager or Cloud Manager account:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To start the interactive login for your MongoDB Ops Manager or Cloud Manager account:
```

>    To start the interactive login with the MongoDB Ops Manager or Cloud Manager account:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To start the interactive login with Cloud Manager account:
```
I don't think this command is available for ops manager

Author: Updated, thank you!
